Dec. 2003

1. Introduction
  StarCCM 1.0 is an OMG's CORBA Component Model(CCM) implementation in
c++ language. This software is developed by StarCCM Group of StarMiddleware.net 
(www.StarMiddleware.net).

  This version provides service bean, session bean, entity bean, 
corresponding containers and deployment tools. All codes are compiled 
for OB-4.1.0 and JTC-2.0.0 successfully. This version also includes an 
idl3 compiler and a cidl compiler, which resident in ccm\bin directory.
You can use idl3 compiler to generate CIF(Component Implementation 
Framework) files. It also can generate an idl version 2.4 mapping which 
will be used to generate ORB specific stubs and skeletons.
  We have integrated OTS (Object Transaction Service) and PSS(Persistant
Service) in CCM application server. OTS and PSS implementations are in 
individual subdirectory of current one. There is a PSDL language compiler 
in pss\bin directory. The OTS is only for postgres. We have modified postgres
implmentation to supports XA interface which is needed by two phase commit 
protocol. Enhanced postgres' implementation is shipped in corresponding 
subdirectory.

2. What license does StarCCM have?
  Please refer to LICENSE in same directory.

3. How to install?
  Please refer to INSTALL in same directory.

4. What will we do?
  We are planing to develop more advanced assembling, packing and deploying
tools, which will facilitate developing and using CCM components.

5. How to contact us?
  You can find authors' email addresses in StarCCM's source files.
You are welcome.

6. Acknowledgment.
	Prof. Jia Yan     jiayanjy@vip.sina.com 
	Ph.D. Han Weihong zzhuang@public.cs.hn.cn
	
	Doctor candidates
	Huang Jie       huangjie@email.com
	Wang Kebo       mep@263.net
	An Jingbin      anjb@sina.com
	Dou Lei         fancydou@sina.com
	Ren Yi          starots@sohu.com
	Chang Junsheng  cjs7908@163.com
	Zheng Di        sonofwind0109@sina.com
	Su Liang		centuryfree@yahoo.com.cn
	Deng Bo         myhspace@163.com   

	Others who had been working and are working in our CCM Team.
	Zheng Xianrong
	Dong Fuqiang    longlives@163.net
	Hu Dongmin      minnie_ying@163.com
	Sun Xiguo       
	Zhu Xueling     xueling.z@eyou.com
	Wang Shufeng    icestar_wang@163.com 
	Jian Xinhong    21youme@163.com
	Xiao Heping     
	